I can tell you about where the TensorFlow
is standing, what is NumPy and
how they all related.
So I will dig even deeper and try to
connect hardware with the compilers,
interpreter languages,
NumPy, optimized libraries,
TensorFlow, Keras, and all of that.
So I will build the hierarchy of
the whole programming stack for you.
So at the bottom we have the hardware,
right?
And hardware,
we're talking about CPUs, GPUs.
So something, remember, in our
diagram which was the compute block,
that's our hardware, right?
It is something which is just
basically do the number crunching and
do your particular command execution.
So we need to provide those
commands to our hardware.
But it usually takes
everything in binary form,
right, or machine language.
Yeah, I can use this.
[LAUGH] Well, ML, Machine Learning and
Machine Language that's
gonna be confusing.
Okay, let's not call it ML, [LAUGH]
let's just say it's just binary code.
How the binary code is created?
Well, it's created by the compilers.
And compilers also can be
split into sub parts, so
we're creating the object files first,
intermediate representation, right?
And then those object files dynamically
linked or statically linked and
that's what produce your executable,
right?
So compilers,
I'm gonna simplify this quite a bit.
So to our compilers we
providing source code.
Let's say for now, we're gonna be
considering two type of source codes and
because of that,
we'll have different pathways.
So let's say we have C and C++ code.
So there is compiling and
interpreting languages, right?
So Python using an interpreter,
which actually is executing for
us C ++ and
C using compilers to create binary code.
So executable.
With the compiler,
if you provide the C source code,
it will create the object file and
then those object files will be linked.
So linker will be used to
actually create the executable.
But all of that is usually hidden
under the compiler, right?
So probably I should use different color.
Let's go this way, so
that's what compiler is doing, right?
Just taking C code, creating binary
object file, and then linking.
Because you might have
several source code files and
object files will be created for
each of them.
And linker actually need to figure out if
we're referencing different functions from
different files, right?
And basically make all of those
connections to create one executable.
But quite often to save space,
if we're using common libraries,
some of the libraries will not be
compiled from the source code but
will be grabbed from the operating system.
So in OS, for instance,
if we're working on Windows,
it will be a DLL, right,
Dynamically Linked Libraries.
In Linux, it will be .o or .a files, and
linker when it's actually
looking at the function calls.
And if those functions are,
for instance, system calls,
it will just grab those from the operating
system and link them together.
Or figure out the way to load them from
the operating system to save the size
of your executable, depending if
you want dynamic or static loading.
Static loading means that we
just gonna grab those and
build them into our executable.
And dynamic loading means that we
hope that this library will be in our
operating system or actually final user
who are running the executable will
have them on their operating system and
it will be grabbed from there.
So that's kind of the compilation process.
And with the Python, you just have
interpreter which running those commands,
just interpreting how those high level
commands should be
executed on the low level.